# COMP426_Final_Project
We would like to create an app to search for user created recipes that will display the recipes’ nutritional value. Users will be able to share recipes with others and see the details for those recipes. For the HTML input field it will have two search functions: one it will be able to look up recipes and the other will auto fill ingredients when you create a recipe. Users will be able to create their own account and store their own recipes that they upload as well as the recipes that they liked from other users. All of this data will be stored in the backend. The public should be able to view the recipes but will have limited functionalities including the capability to store another user’s recipe or the ability to edit the recipe to store as their own. In addition, by creating an account, users will have access to the private resource including the ability to liking another’s recipe. The number of likes will be saved and updated dynamically for reasons mentioned later. For users, they can edit and delete their own recipes. In addition, as mentioned before, users will be able to save others recipes and edit them in their own way and save the recipes as their own. To be able to determine which recipe was created first, we will make sure to capture the date created for the recipe and add it to the user interface just in case. With the number of likes that a recipe gets, the homepage will be updated to display the most liked recipes to recommend to the viewers. This way, the website will get changed as the number of likes per recipe changes from time to time. Finally, our group is planning to use the API from spoonacular to access the ingredients, nutrition, allergens, and more for the user created recipes. 

•	create HTML capabilities to allow users to create their accounts and look up recipes, ingredients, etc. through JavaScript
•	users will be able to add their own recipes which will change the database (backend)
•	make homepage dynamic using JavaScript to update the most liked recipes
•	use bulma CSS for style
•	implement spoonacular API for information regarding nutritions and more
